# Early Spring
- Landed on Hercynia.
- Made contact with **BRAVA HADURA** and squad.
- Arrived in Landmark.
- Made contact with **PATIENCE** and **EDENA JI**, colony NHP and human attache.
- Briefed on situation and known history of **EVERGREEN** and **HERCYNIA**.

## Mission 1
- Protected engineers during travel and repairs of landing bowl from ambush by **HERCYNIANS**.
- Tasked to assist in defense of **THE GRAY TOWNS**.
- Received emergency broadcast emanating from **CHÂU FARM**.
- Encountered hordes of subalterns wandering eastward.
- Defended **CHÂU FARM** from a horde of subalterns and mechs, including the unique enemy **THE BROADCAST**.
---
# Late Spring
- **PATIENCE** connected to a meteorological sattelite, has begun calibration.
- **PATIENCE** reports increased activity near colony borders.

## Mission 2
- Patrolled **EVERGREEN** for **HERCYNIAN** aggression.
- Defended **EVERGREEN** against nighttime assault by Hercynian forces.
- Defended **Stable Reactor Tower 2** from **HERCYNIAN** forces launching assault under cover of nighttime assault distraction.
- Defended **EVERGREEN** from **REGRET**, suicidal **HERCYNIAN** mech launched as last ditch attempt at crippling **EVERGREEN**
---
# Early Summer
- Answered comms from **DTHALL ORDO**, self-proclaimed leader of **HIVEHOME** rangers.
- **PATIENCE** briefs on subaltern deviant behavior.
- Attempted to meet with **DTHALL ORDO**, no contact.

## Mission 3
- Investigated the increase in irregular machine and subaltern activity. 
- Witnessed **MACHINE HORDE** breach the ground near Tower 3. 
- Escaped **MACHINE HORDE** and contacted **EDENA JI**, informed of multiple breache in the region.
- Avoided bulk of **MACHINE HORDE**, assisted evacuation of civilians from the **GREY TOWNS**. 
- Defeated **[THE WEAPON]**, escorted convoy to **EVERGREEN**.
- Witnessed establishment of refugee camp on eastern wall of **EVERGREEN**.
- Witnessed arrival of **CRT CONTINGENCY WHITE**, learned of their mission to recover **LANDMARK COLONIAL** assets.
- Engaged in "friendly" duel, team v. team battle, with **CRT CONTINGENCY WHITE**. 
- Analyzed weather satellite imagery with Patience, discovered civilization on eastern continent.
- Followed **HERCYNIAN** tracks to empty bivouac staged in front of tunnel. 
- Descended underground into tunnel to find **DTHALL ORDO** and injured **HUC** rangers in an underground transit terminal.
- Learned of the **HUC** war with **THE MACHINE**, misunderstanding that **EVERGREEN** was working with **THE MACHINE**. 
- Informed **PATIENCE** of possibility of brokering peace agreement and mutual allyship with **HUC**, receive the reluctant go-ahead.
---
# Late Summer
- Arrived in **HIVEHOME** with **HUC** rangers, large underground city in huge underground ocean. 
- Guided by **DTHALL ORDO** to main city, mechs put into storage, guards set up **SQUAD EYZ** in quarters in administrative district.
- After time spent in quarantine, **SQUAD EYZ** was allowed escorted access to the city.
- **DTHALL ORDO** briefs PCs on summit of **HUC** military leadership.