# Early Spring
- Landed on Hercynia.
- Made contact with **BRAVA HADURA** and squad.
- Arrived in Landmark.
- Made contact with **PATIENCE** and **EDENA JI**, colony NHP and human attache.
- Briefed on situation and known history of **EVERGREEN** and **HERCYNIA**.

## Mission 1
- Protected engineers during travel and repairs of landing bowl from ambush by **HERCYNIANS**.
- Tasked to assist in defense of **THE GRAY TOWNS**.
- Received emergency broadcast emanating from **CHÂU FARM**.
- Encountered hordes of subalterns wandering eastward.
- Defended **CHÂU FARM** from a horde of subalterns and mechs, including the unique enemy **THE BROADCAST**.
---
# Late Spring
- **PATIENCE** connected to a meteorological sattelite, has begun calibration.
- **PATIENCE** reports increased activity near colony borders.

## Mission 2
- Patrolled **EVERGREEN** for **HERCYNIAN** aggression.
- Defended **EVERGREEN** against nighttime assault by Hercynian forces.
- Defended **Stable Reactor Tower 2** from **HERCYNIAN** forces launching assault under cover of nighttime assault distraction.
- Defended **EVERGREEN** from **REGRET**, suicidal **HERCYNIAN** mech launched as last ditch attempt at crippling **EVERGREEN**
---
# Early Summer
- Answered comms from **DTHALL ORDO**, self-proclaimed leader of **HIVEHOME** rangers.
- **PATIENCE** briefs on subaltern deviant behavior.
- Attempted to meet with **DTHALL ORDO**, no contact.

## Mission 3
- Investigated the increase in irregular machine and subaltern activity. 
- Witnessed **MACHINE HORDE** breach the ground near Tower 3. 
- Escaped **MACHINE HORDE** and contacted **EDENA JI**, informed of multiple breache in the region.
- Avoided bulk of **MACHINE HORDE**, assisted evacuation of civilians from the **GREY TOWNS**. 
- Defeated **[THE WEAPON]**, escorted convoy to **EVERGREEN**.
- Witnessed establishment of refugee camp on eastern wall of **EVERGREEN**.
- Witnessed arrival of **CRT CONTINGENCY WHITE**, learned of their mission to recover **LANDMARK COLONIAL** assets.
- Engaged in "friendly" duel, team v. team battle, with **CRT CONTINGENCY WHITE**. 
- Analyzed weather satellite imagery with Patience, discovered civilization on eastern continent.
- Followed **HERCYNIAN** tracks to empty bivouac staged in front of tunnel. 
- Descended underground into tunnel to find **DTHALL ORDO** and injured **HUC** rangers in an underground transit terminal.
- Learned of the **HUC** war with **THE MACHINE**, misunderstanding that **EVERGREEN** was working with **THE MACHINE**. 
- Informed **PATIENCE** of possibility of brokering peace agreement and mutual allyship with **HUC**, receive the reluctant go-ahead.
---
# Late Summer
- Arrived in **HIVEHOME** with **HUC** rangers, large underground city in huge underground ocean. 
- Guided by **DTHALL ORDO** to main city, mechs put into storage, guards set up **SQUAD EYZ** in quarters in administrative district.
- After time spent in quarantine, **SQUAD EYZ** was allowed escorted access to the city.
- **DTHALL ORDO** briefs PCs on summit of **HUC** military leadership.

## Mission 4
- **DTHALL ORDO**, a commander of the **HIVEHOME RANGERS**, as well as **ILLYR ORDO**, High Commander of the **HIVEHOME RANGERS**, want the PCs to convince the leadership of **HUC** to rally under one banner, come to the aid of **EVERGREEN**, and continue the war against the **MACHINE**.
- **SQUAD EYZ** is introduced to the city of **HIVEHOME** after being granted quarters near the **OVERMIND PALACE**. PCs are also granted knowledge of the HUC, including their history as a rising/recovering society of human and **EGREGORIAN** coexistance.
- The Egregorian **OVERMIND**, **ENDEAVOR**, grants audience to **SQUAD EYZ** and asks them questions about their presence in **HIVEHOME**. PCs also learn of the shared subjectivity present among **EGREGORIANS**, titled **WITNESS**, at the center of which lies **ENDEAVOR**.
- PCs make inroads with various parts of the community of **HIVEHOME**, including brief interactions with a clergyman at the **UNION CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL** named **VALURUTH**, dinner with a prominent community leader **LABELLA ORCHO**, discussions with researchers **WILLIAM WILLIAM** and **VEIN/LUCIA DELMONTE** on **EGREGORIAN** history and human-Egregorian culutural exchange, and tea-time with the mobile tea merchant **WINTER**.
- **TERROR**, the leader of the **EGREGORIAN RANGERS**, requests assistance from **SQUAD EYZ** with recovering dormant **EGREGORIAN** eggs in a recently-discovered hive. At the same time, **DTHALL ORDO** requests assistance with locating and potentially recovering a lost squad of **RANGERS** who haven't returned from the battlefield after a general order of RTB.
- Deciding to tackle both requests, **SQUAD EYZ** splits in two, with **SPECTRE** assisting **TERROR** and the rest assisting **DTHALL ORDO**. 
- **WANDERER**, **RUINER**, and **Z3R0** are successful in returning to the surface, locating the lost squad, fighting off unknown assailants in mechs, and returning the squad of **RANGERS** to **HIVEHOME**. Unfortunately, while **SPECTRE** was successful in protecting the crew sent to recover te dormant eggs, was KIA due to hive worms. 
- **DUST**, a **HIVEHOME RANGER** lieutenant under the command of **DTHALL ORDO**, was assigned to **SQUAD EYZ** to assist them in their tasks. 
- **SQUAD EYZ** assisted **EGREGORIAN** fisherman **SALT** in recovering food from the underground sea. During the recovery, an old rail cannon-like tunnel was discovered, likely from the days of **SECCOMM'S** war against the **EGREGORIANS**.
- **MARTIAL**, a **HIVEHOME RANGER** sergeant under the command of **DTHALL ORDO**, was assigned to **SQUAD EYZ** to assist them in their tasks.
- The summit convened, with the PCs in attendance. Present at the summit were **ILLYR ORDO**; **PYOTR HEIDEL**, High Commander of **MYCOL FIELDS**; **PRIMOZ COMMORAND**, High Commander of **DAYLIGHT**; and **TERROR**, as well as **DTHALL ORDO** and the various parties' entourages. **ENDEAVOR** was not present but was kept up to date with the negotiations via proxy.
- Contact with **EVERGREEN** was established; **EDENA JI** informs the PCs that the **MACHINE HORDE** is on the move and refugees from the **GRAY TOWNS** have formed a large encampment on the eastern wall of **EVERGREEN**. **PATIENCE** is occupied with analysis of the broadcasted signal causing subalterns and other smart machinery to defect.
- After five days of discussions, the PCs were successful in convincing the leadership of **HUC** and **EVERGREEN** to work together and wage an offensive war against the **MACHINE**.
- Soon after the summit is concluded, a large earthquake hits the city of **HIVEHOME** and the **MACHINE HORDE** breaches the city, causing widespread flooding, fires, firefights, and general chaos. **SQUAD EYZ** are able to return to the mechs amidst the chaos, rescue some civilians, and clear a path to the **OVERMIND PALACE** where **HUC** forces have set up a crisis response HQ.
- After patrolling the city, clearing out any **MACHINE** forces found, and rescuing any civilians found, engineers are sent out to assess damages to the cavern **HIVEHOME** sits within. They return with the bad news that the cavern has been structurally compromised and will collapse within a year, if not sooner.
- Mass evacuation commmences, with the PCs being sent with the first group to clear a path to the surface. They reach the surface without any complications and set up a base camp to collate the evacuating procession and perform reconnaissance. 
- It is learned that the city of **DAYLIGHT** and the mountain above it was decimated by an orbital weapon strike done by the **MACHINE**; the city of **MYCOL FIELDS** is relatively unharmed by the tremors caused by the orbital strike; **HUC** decides to relocate survivors to **MYCOL FIELDS** as infrastructure there can be scaled to accomodate the influx of population.
---
# FALL